[imporve][doc] Update cluster failover document (#17489)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/client-libraries-java.md

    .build();
```

## Cluster-level failover

> More introduction for cluster-level failover please look at [Cluster-level failover](concepts-cluster-level-failover.md) chapter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more concepts and reference information about cluster-level failover, see [Cluster-level failover](concepts-cluster-level-failover.md). 
```

Reviewer: @labuladong can you pls attach the screenshots for these updates in the PR description?

> More introduction for cluster-level failover please look at [Cluster-level failover](concepts-cluster-level-failover.md) chapter. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about cluster-level failover, including concept, benefits, use cases, constraints, usage, and working principles, see [Cluster-level failover](concepts-cluster-level-failover.md). 
```
